---
layout: post
title:  "Beacon: Something new and something old"
date:   2013-09-17 10:00:00
categories: startups
published: False
image: http://25.media.tumblr.com/avatar_aa368c6d5c31_128.png
---

Over the past 2.5 years I've worked with, lived with, argued with -- and mostly importantly -- built great things with Adrian.

We've worked on numerous projects together with varying levels of success, but there's been a few underlying themes to everything we do:

1. We build things ridiculously quickly.
2. We build things on ridiculously low budgets.
3. We build things that use the internet to do good.

That last one, although vague, is probably the most important. It's the reason I do what I do, and will continue to do what I do instead of working a high paying job and going out for fancy dinners every night -- in spite of constant failure and constant rejection ;)

Whether trying to help the less fortunate, or building tools to help folks express themselves in meaningful ways, we're fighting to keep the internet from collapsing on itself into some giant gif/meme/top-10 cluster fuck. We live in a world where 'good taste' is all too often replaced with novelty, so I have nothing but respect for anyone else trying to do the same.

## With that said, I'd like to introduce you to [Beacon](http://beaconreader.com) - it empowers writers by letting you fund their work directly.

Each month, you pay $5 to your favorite writer -- the vast majority of that goes directly to the writer -- and in return you get stories you actually care about. On top of that, you get access to everything else on the platform. There already 30 professional writers on the platform. So instead of paying $35 a month for each publication you subscribe to, you get access to the works of an ever growing collection of the best writers in the world. It's like Netflix for news. [Here's an article from Barry Malone](http://www.beaconreader.com/barry-malone/birthplace-of-aids), the writer I've selected to support.

Something is rotten in the state of journalism when cat videos are replacing inspiring stories that unite humanity -- and personally, I don't think I want to live in world where content-marketing is the only gig in town.

## So please, [pick a writer to fund](http://beaconreader.com/writers) and let me know what you think.

On that note, I'd like to give a warm welcome to the Backspaces Inc Family to [Dan Fletcher](http://twitter.com/danfletcher). If I'm the one building the pipes and tubes, Dan's the one filling em with the goods -- and damn does he fill em up good. Welcome Dan.

Let's get started, shall we?

> *The adrenaline rush of creating what you think about*  
> *With who thinks about you:*  
> *Your family, your team*  
> *The joy of looking back and saying that you did it*  
> *Winning the game: hall of fame*  
>
> Big Sean on All Figured Out
